== Description
A web-based shell that has autocompletion and readline behavior. It uses
websockets, repl.js, readline.js and ripl for the shell engine.

Goal is to have a fully usable shell for 80% of daily tasks, but with an awesome and hackable
UI built in HTML/CSS/jQuery - eventually this goal may require a specialized browser, Termkit style,
but initially I hope to get most functionality without taking that step.

== Install
Install the gem with:

    gem install nirvana

== Usage

Your browser must have html5 websockets support.

To use, start a websocket server and open termvana in a tab

    $ termvana

If you close the tab just call termvana again. 

To see what options nirvana takes (mostly options like ripl):

    $ termvana -h

Also notice that a subset of readline's functionality is available.  Try C-l, C-r or C-p and they
should do what readline normally does. For more keybindings, see
{readline.js}[http://github.com/cldwalker/readline.js].

== Customize
Since termvana uses ripl under the hood, shell behavior is customizable with ripl plugins which
get loaded from ~/.riplrc. See {ripl}[http://github.com/cldwalker/ripl] for more.

Due to the specialized way termvana works, this may have limited support.

Termvana is the integration of nirvana and fresh into a single gem, with more UI enhancements.

== Links
* {nirvana}[http://github.com/cldwalker/nirvana]
* {fresh}[https://github.com/janlelis/fresh]

== Bugs/Issues
Please report them {on github}[http://github.com/cldwalker/nirvana/issues]. For javascript issues,
report them on {readline.js}[http://github.com/cldwalker/readline.js/issues] or
{repl.js}[http://github.com/cldwalker/repl.js/issues] as appropriate.

== Credits
* {rkh's brirb}[http://github.com/rkh/brirb]: Original prototype which inspired nirvana
* {cldwalker's nirvana}[http://github.com/cldwalker/nirvana]: Project this was forked from
* {janlelis's fresh}[https://github.com/janlelis/fresh]
* {unconed's TermKit}[https://github.com/unconed/TermKit]

== License
termvana is MIT licensed. termvana comes bundled with other libraries which have the following
licenses: jquery (GPL2 and MIT), jquery.hotkeys plugin (no license), repl.js jquery plugin (MIT) and
readline.js jquery plugin (MIT).

== Todo
* Tests
* Easier way to reopen an existing session
* Load ~/.irb_history into readline.js
* Customizable html and js
* Use text area for multi-line input
* See readline.js and repl.js todos for javascript todos
* Possible plugins for sinatra and em-websocket-server
